[DOCFIX] Update configuration setting page for Spark and MR (#7990)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/compute/Hadoop-MapReduce.md

Note that the jars must be installed again for each update to a new release. On the other hand,
when the jar is already on every node, then the `-libjars` command line option is not needed.

### Customize Alluxio User Properties for All MapReduce Jobs

> Let us use the setup of Spark to talk to Alluxio service in HA Mode as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alluxio configuration parameters can be added to the Hadoop `core-site.xml` file to affect all MapReduce jobs. Let us use the setup of Hadoop to interact with the Alluxio service in HA Mode as an example.
```
